This Project is based on the GRAILS framework. See

  http://grails.org/

for details. The resulting artifact is a WAR file, that can be deployed into any J2EE container.

0. Install Java      (use the JDK, not the JRE only versions)
   Install Grails    http://grails.org/
   Install Tomcat    http://tomcat.apache.org/download-60.cgi

1. Checkout Code with subversion
svn co https://hbaseexplorer.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/hbaseexplorer hbaseexplorer

2. Set Up you IDE
What you checked out is the top level of the grails project. An IDE with GRAILS support may detect this automatically.

3. Compile
Unless you do it with your IDE, you may use the usual GRAILs commands to manage compilation and building, e.g.
    grails compile
    grails doc
    grails war

4. Deploy the war file to your tomcat instance
Unless your IDE can start the Grails project apropriately.

CODING
------

You should understand the Grails ideas to find your way around the code. Where possible, the Grails patterns are
followed.
So far the only domain Object is available: The HBase instance definition. Once configured, all other features use
this object to deal with the hbase instance. All things are stateless and (today) unpooled.

The data is stored using the Grails build-in database.  You may configure it differently using the standard grails
methods.

The pages use some AJAX patterns from Grails too. Most interaction code (ther is not so much by now) can be
found in the HbaseSourceController.

All long running actions are handed over to the ThreadService. Running threads are shown in the UI top-right. There is
no automatic refresh of pages if these threads finish (by now).

The mechanics around submitting a job to hadoop uses jars as usual. Thes jars are build in a hook to grails' build
process, see scripts/_Events.groovy. Only a few classes are bundled yet. You can study to TableStats.java M/R how its
done. Only some counters are reported from that job.

There is some code in HbaseClient to allow dumping directly from all region servers (called rowCount). Its not active
but may give some pointers if one wants to go into this.

TESTING
-------
Altough there are currently no tests - PLS be better and implement tests for all things you are changing 
or adding.

Bob

